Here are some features
in Web Inspector
that will help you
to debug tvOS apps.
Let's get started.
To demonstrate these features,
we'll open up an example app
for video playback
from our Sample Code Library.
Currently this app is running
in the Xcode Simulator.
To access Web Inspector
for an Apple TV device
or for an Apple TV Simulator,
click on the option
in the Develop menu.
Once inside, you can use
seven of Web Inspector's tabs.
Elements, Network, Resources,
Timelines, Console, Storage,
and Debugger.
The Elements tab shows you
the TVML DOM structure.
Here you can edit and copy TVML,
move and delete Nodes,
and add Attributes.
To see more Node properties
and Event Listeners,
see the Node section
in the right sidebar.
Option-click to copy the path
of a selected Node.
You can also view
computed styles
and modify style rules
in the Styles section
of the sidebar.
Rules that have media queries
are shown with
media query information.
Default TVMLKit styles
are shown as
the User Agent Stylesheet
and are locked.
These styles cannot be modified.
In the Network tab,
you can see all the resources
loaded by the current app.
In addition to
the default tab features,
there is a button
to clear network items.
You can also inspect
timing information,
examine Request & Response
headers,
and see the response result.
Next is the Resources tab.
If you include
structured comments
in your app's JavaScript files,
those files
will show up in Resources
for further examination.
The Timelines tab
helps you check
the performance of your app.
Here we have a prerecorded
example in the Timelines tab.
Select your instruments
and record events
like a reload operation
with the record timeline button.
For more details,
click on one of the instruments
you recorded,
JavaScript & Events
or JavaScript Allocations.
To clear your timeline,
click the clear timeline button.
Next is the Console.
Besides showing messages
logged by the app,
this tab has features to filter
the console log,
clear the console log,
and trigger garbage collection.
The Storage tab
shows a persistent state
that is available to web content
being inspected,
which can be refreshed.
By default it shows Cookies,
Local Storage,
and Session Storage.
But as available,
this tab also shows
additional storage APIs,
like WebSQL, IndexedDB,
and Application Cache.
You can add and modify
any of the key value pairs
displayed in this tab.
Last is the Debugger,
which, like the Network tab,
also shows a list of resources,
and has default tab features.
It also has a Breakpoint section
in the left sidebar,
and a Scope Chain
in the right sidebar.
The Debugger controls to pause,
play, and step through your code
are in the top left corner
of the tab.
In summary, you can access
Web Inspector for tvOS apps
through the Develop menu
in Safari.
Use Web Inspector
to examine your content in tvOS.
To try the latest version
of Web Inspector,
download the Safari
Technology Preview
from the Apple Developer site.
If you find bugs, report them
at bugreport.apple.com.
For more information
and additional resources
about Web Inspector and tvOS,
use the links
in the Resources section
associated with this video.
And that's
your quick walkthrough
of debugging tvOS apps
with Web Inspector.
Thanks for watching.